("Silver and Cold" by AFI)
♪ I came here by day ♪
♪ But I left here in darkness ♪
♪ And found you,
found you on the way ♪
♪ And now, it is
silver and silent ♪
♪ It is silver and cold ♪
♪ You, in somber
resplendence, I hold ♪
♪ Your sins into me ♪
♪ Oh, my beautiful one ♪
♪ Your sins into me, oh ♪
♪ As a rapturous voice escapes,
I will tremble a prayer ♪
♪ And I'll beg for forgiveness ♪
♪ Your sins into me ♪
♪ Oh, my beautiful one ♪
♪ Light, like the
flutter of wings ♪
♪ Feel your hollow
voice rushing into me ♪
♪ As you're longing to sing ♪
♪ So I ♪
♪ I will paint you in silver ♪
♪ I will wrap you in cold ♪
♪ I will lift up your
voice as I sink ♪
♪ Your sins into me ♪
♪ Oh, my beautiful one, now ♪
♪ Your sins into me, oh ♪
♪ As a rapturous voice escapes,
I will tremble a prayer ♪
♪ And I'll beg for forgiveness ♪
♪ Your sins into me ♪
♪ Cold in life's throes ♪
♪ I'll fall asleep for you ♪
♪ I only ask you turn away ♪
♪ Cold in life's throes ♪
♪ I'll fall asleep for you ♪
♪ I only ask you turn ♪
♪ As they seep into me ♪
♪ Oh, my beautiful one, now ♪
♪ Your sins into me ♪
♪ Oh, my beautiful one ♪
♪ Your sins into me, oh ♪
♪ As a rapturous voice escapes,
I will tremble a prayer ♪
♪ And I'll beg for forgiveness ♪
♪ Your sins into me ♪
♪ Oh, my beautiful one, now ♪
♪ Your sins into me, oh ♪
♪ As a rapturous voice escapes,
I will tremble a prayer ♪
♪ And I'll beg for forgiveness ♪
♪ Your sins into ♪
♪ Your sins into me ♪
♪ Oh, my beautiful one ♪